How You Do Anything Is How You Do Everything. - Cheri Huber
What you're not changing, you are choosing.
You don’t have to be great to start. You have to start to be great.
Competent people get shit done.
The major key to your better future is you.
Patience is not the ability to wait, but the ability to keep a good attitude while waiting.
Challenges in life don’t arise haphazardly, no matter how accidental or coincidental they may seem. They only arrive when you are ready for them.
Don’t wish it was easier. Wish you were better!
There is no substitute for hard work. Worthwhile results come from hard work and careful planning. - John Wooden
Knowledge will give you power. Character will give you respect.
Problems are only as big as you make them in your head!
What you give is what you have.
Don’t wish for fewer problems. Wish for more skills. Don’t wish for less challenge. Wish for more wisdom.
The only way life is going to get better for you is when you get better.
Learn to work harder on yourself than on your job.
Tough times never last; tough people do.
You can measure how rich you are not by how much money you have, but by the quality of food you eat. - Clayton Price
To the world you may be just one person; but to one person, you may be the world. - Josephine Billings
If you can dream it, you can achieve it.
Each of us makes his own weather, determines the colors of the skies in the emotional universe which he inhabits. - Fulton J. Sheen
Between what happens to us and our response is a space, and the key to our growth and happiness is how we use that space. – Stephen R. Covey
If your salary is your only source of income, you're one step away from poverty. - Warren Buffet
Never depend on single income. Make an investment to create a second source. - Warren Buffet
If you buy things you do not need, soon you will have to sell the things you need. - Warren Buffet
Don't save what is left after spending; spend what is left after saving. - Warren Buffet
What you're not changing, you are choosing.
If it’s not a fuck yes, then it should be a no.
You’ll never feel ready - because ready is not a feeling. Ready is a decision.
Emotions are to be managed, not acted on.
